The Outdoor Squad Member Reviews:


Great workout. Always different and a very friendly and welcoming group. - Pip Smart


I found the Outdoor Squad online after moving to the area. Nick has been a great trainer, pushes me to push myself but always focusing on correct technique. The classes are friendly and in a really nice outdoor setting in Camperdown. - Helen Whitkin


Nick and the team have helped me immensely to get back on track to build up my strength and confidence. The outdoor squad is exactly what I needed and I would recommend this fantastic community to anyone. After 5 weeks I couldn't imagine my week without it. It's the best. Thanks Nick 😀 - Carla Levo


Great workouts and lovely people to be around at 6am! - Dana Cunniffe


I was referred Nick for PT sessions and it has been an amazing experience building my confidence and setting a regular routine going to get fit and healthy! Could not recommend more for this truely supportive and friendly environment to train with! - Peta Miskovich


Such a welcoming and supportive community. Very easy going and has been so flexible to be able to bring the baby in the pram along when needed. You definitely know you’ve done a work out afterwards! - Julia Mcdonald


Started at The Outdoor Squad a few months ago and after having a great experience, decided to join for regular training. The classes are engaging and challenging, with focus on using the right technique and approach to each exercise. Highly recommend giving The Outdoor Sqaud a go. 
- Joshua H


Absolutely love training with Nick and the crew! Amazing people, amazing coaches and getting great results! Highly recommend - Rebecca Anderson


I spent two weeks in Redfern and found this wonderful training group. Thanks to Trinity, Lauren, and Rory! Great work! I hope to return! - Eskarne Trescatorce


Joined the Outdoor Squad in Redfern after seeing people out there training in the afternoon. It’s now become a regular part of my routine. Super convenient, welcoming, friendly, hard (good), and some nice social catchups too. Lots of convenient options morning and afternoon! - Robbie


As someone who isn’t a fan of busy indoor gyms, the Outdoor Squad is perfect for me. Great range of exercises and a nice social environment. I always leave feeling energised and fulfilled. - Joe Gallop


I’ve been training at Outdoor Squad Redfern for a couple of months and it’s become a total game-changer for me as a busy mum of a toddler.
The trainers are excellent — motivating, knowledgeable, and fun. What really stands out is the variety. Each trainer brings their own energy, and the weekly schedule is brilliant. You can choose between weight training, sessions with a bit more cardio, pilates, or even yoga (at a different location just 12 min away by bicycle) depending on how you feel.
Training is always different, effective and never boring. Highly recommend! - Kasia Hibner


There's nothing better than working out in a friendly space, where the trainers hear you and push you to achieve your own goals. On days when you've got no gas in the tank, they inspire you with jokes, laughter and even better playlists. I haven't enjoyed working out since I had a PT years ago, but Outdoor Sqaud got me back into loving it! Being new to the area, it's a great spot to make friends too! - Simone Herrmannsen